---
layout: post
title: "INTERRACIAL COUPLE | what is it like when asian gal dates a white guy."
date: 2019-12-11 22:13:18 +0200
modified: 2019-12-11 22:13:18 +0200
image: positive-wordcloud-letter-c.png
tags: [interracial couple, mixed couple, cross culture, cross cultural relationship, interracial issues, interracial topics, asian female dates white male, mixed couple relationship]
categories: lifestyle
description: 

---
### Struggles 

#### Rules of no touching

I am 100% asian. I would say Colin you can't hold my hands, touch my hands, kiss me, etc. in front of my parents and yeah I have to be back by the restaurant at 4pm. It is my ciderrella moment. Now I think back, it is nut.

#### Communication



#### Food

Coming from Malaysia, when food has bone in it, it is consider fresh. Fish with bones, chicken with bones, crab with shells, shrimp with shells, chicken feets, etc. 

It is like he is confused...

A whole fish.

A whole eel in his parent refrigirator and his mom almost pass out. 

#### Deal with our parent

Unfortunately, my parent is still upset with Colin. It all started with one line of conversation where he said, I think Teckmon is working too hard and she could use couple hours off from work to study...

My mom went nut. It is consider disrespectful... It is all going down hill from there.

#### Vacation

Early in our dating, we will go to SC to his grandmom condo. We will stop by his dad favorite big tea BBQ place. It is a shocking experience for me because I thought everyone in the restaurant is staring at me, I am the only Asian there and the BBQ I know of is grill korean bbq... It does not taste quit right in my mind.


#Pros

#### Film Star Wars

My fiance he is a big fan of movies. For me, not so much because I couldn't understand the plot, the line, King Speech?, huh?

His parent, Teckmon got to watch Star Wars series, so we did 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 3.. and now I am hooked.


#### There is no formula

It is hard because there is hardly any ideal mixed couple we can look up to for some of the struggle. You and your partner just had to figure it out.






